Update php docs regarding to the sdk imrpovements (#80)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/java.md

    .build(<sdkkey>);
```

| Builder options                         | Description |
| --------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `build(<sdkkey>)`                       | **REQUIRED.** Waits for the SDK Key to access your feature flags and settings. Get it from *ConfigCat Dashboard*. |
| `dataGovernance(DataGovernance)`        | Optional, defaults to `Global`. Describes the location of your feature flag and setting data within the ConfigCat CDN. This parameter needs to be in sync with your Data Governance preferences. [More about Data Governance](advanced/data-governance.md). Available options: `Global`, `EuOnly`. |
| `baseUrl(string)`                       | *Obsolete* Optional, sets the CDN base url (forward proxy, dedicated subscription) from where the sdk will download the configurations. |

> | `httpClient(OkHttpClient)`              | Optional, sets the underlying `OkHttpClient` used to fetch the configuration over HTTP. [See below](#httpclient). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `httpClient(OkHttpClient)`              | Optional, sets the underlying `OkHttpClient` used to download the feature flags and settings over HTTP. [See below](#httpclient). |
```

Reviewer: Please replace everywhere

## Flag Overrides

> With flag overrides you can overwrite the feature flags & settings fetched from the ConfigCat CDN with local values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With flag overrides you can overwrite the feature flags & settings downloaded from the ConfigCat CDN with local values.
```

Reviewer: I suggest replacing all similar places.
